README.md, before:

### Install

Require this package with composer using the following command:
```bash
composer require clarification/sendgrid-laravel-driver
```

After updating composer, add the service provider to the `providers` array in `config/app.php`
```php
Clarification\MailDrivers\Sendgrid\SendgridServiceProvider::class,
```

You will also need to add the sendgrid API Key settings to the array in `config/services.php` and set up the environment key
```php
'sendgrid' => [
    'api_key' => env('SENDGRID_API_KEY'),
],
```
```bash
SENDGRID_API_KEY=__Your_key_here__
```

Finally you need to set your mail driver to `sendgrid`. You can do this by changing the driver in `config/mail.php`
```php
'driver' => env('MAIL_DRIVER', 'sendgrid'),
```

Or by setting the environment variable `MAIL_DRIVER` in your .env file
```bash
MAIL_DRIVER=sendgrid
```


If you need to pass any options to the guzzle client instance which is making the request to the Send Grid API, you can do so by setting the 'guzzle' options in `config/services.php`
```php
'sendgrid' => [
    'api_key' => env('SENDGRID_API_KEY'),
    'guzzle' => [
        'verify' => true,
        'decode_content' => true,
    ]
],
```

Commit message:

Add clarity to the readme. The sendgrid api key should be added to the .env file (#6)

README.md, after:

### Install

Require this package with composer using the following command:
```bash
composer require clarification/sendgrid-laravel-driver
```

After updating composer, add the service provider to the `providers` array in `config/app.php`
```php
Clarification\MailDrivers\Sendgrid\SendgridServiceProvider::class,
```

You will also need to add the sendgrid API Key settings to the array in `config/services.php` and set up the environment key
```php
'sendgrid' => [
    'api_key' => env('SENDGRID_API_KEY'),
],
```

Then in your `.env` file you have to add
```bash
SENDGRID_API_KEY=__Your_key_here__
```

Finally you need to set your mail driver to `sendgrid`. You can do this by changing the driver in `config/mail.php`
```php
'driver' => env('MAIL_DRIVER', 'sendgrid'),
```

Or by setting the environment variable `MAIL_DRIVER` in your .env file
```bash
MAIL_DRIVER=sendgrid
```


If you need to pass any options to the guzzle client instance which is making the request to the Send Grid API, you can do so by setting the 'guzzle' options in `config/services.php`
```php
'sendgrid' => [
    'api_key' => env('SENDGRID_API_KEY'),
    'guzzle' => [
        'verify' => true,
        'decode_content' => true,
    ]
],
```
